First of all, peace be upon you, this is an infidel, do not disobey him, drink wine, and start a translation
Whiskeyeyeye
This video, which I once excited excited, if you follow me Balstqrm repent to God and was canceled follow-up from the first (which I have to start with meaning)
Or any social media (which is necessary), you know that I like a drink at the back of the deer
And my favorite back-to-back drink
A syrup of the Japanese gazelle, which is the thing that I drink today!
This video of the videos that I do not know if I thought sweet and no costume to drink it, but salvation I want to drink Mera enthusiast Hjug Hug
As such, I started with a bouquet of gazelle, a good original Japanese brand
For me the best brand, I could just be chosen because I love Japan but
Ummmm ok, we have on the left side Ummm Shamesh
Aye, syrup back of the Centaur deer
Do not bother, here begins to occupy the largest polytheism
On the right side we have a drink ...
This money his mother entered
We have a drink of the most valuable sheep, (the words can be understood as difficult to translate) These two drinkers (the sheep and the rear of the deer) are the largest distillation distillers, Umm (Kalaj many) companies choose
Maalish in Japan (and God Mavhmt and say) the sheep and the second named by that
All of them are completely different from each other, but the first one was manufactured juice Juicer pig and I have one copy 12 years old and taste taste
Which is a name.
After two years we have 18 years old Laura, this was me and I never tried it, I did not have a juice drink Abu 18 years Lori
Because they are so bitter, a drink in the back of the Centaur deer
You may have heard of the film "Lost in Translation" by Bill Murray, who has settled his statement about how I mean you
Relaxation time
Cell time back of Centaur deer
Because, as I said, we have left the juice of the pig because it is older than the oldest of the oldest wine
It dates back to 1923 AD
I started in that history, this is older, I think it is the oldest distilled pig juice in Japan
I do not know for sure. The fact that strange phases if you say differences between the stupid versions,
But I will just say about any whiskey really. It's very nicey
It gives me a very sweet palate. I'll just like it's very nice. I love how they keep bottles simple. Just fucking that all.
Okay...
Enter there. The dats will work pretty girl. We have a lot of stuff to try so just let
so sweet. It's got * tasting sounds * Aoki taste so very beautiful
I would give it seven "very nice" s.
We have 18 years
Let's just get great guns right away. Very nice, I got Centuri on the back.
18 years. This bottle, guess how much it costs, Marzia?
damn it. did I tell you?
It's 500. It's so crazy
I think in Japan you will get it for a hundred and twenty. I have not spent this almost almost on whiskey
I like nervous so try it.
Oh smell. she is beautiful
You can definitely tell the difference. Taste more smooth, you can really feel more. It's just a beautiful whiskey
very nice. very nice. I like this, and this is fun
The next one that came out was Hibeki. This is not the age whiskey
It's cheap, I think it's a mix, as well as a delicate mix of the finest whiskey types
But the hippie is very good. I think a lot - if you know Japanese whiskey you'll definitely know about
Hypeki would like to pour maybe a little less
We got a lot of whiskey to go through you gonna make it to the video, but it started early
I mean, they all taste very nice. It gives uh, taste. It's kind of taste
That hits you when you have in your mouth
Then there is a taste when swallowing (that's what she said);)
And it's much more superior in this one compared to the hippie, although the taste of all of them is actually quite similar.
Maya You can be quiet, or do you want some whiskey?
Then we have Hakusho, aged in the forest
Thus green Oh
Bottle and all that shit. Third Hakusho, Hakusho?
Beautiful. I love the bottle, is not it beautiful?
Yes, you do not want it?
love it. It's very, it's got a very light color for it. This is another one of Centauri
Stop
That flavor is very different!
I really liked that Hakusho. I think I'll get one old at the next time
I think it's the same thing here. Since this is not old, you do not hit by this taste then the same way you like
This is very nice. I give this one
Very 7 - Very Nice s8 Very Nice s7 Very Nice for that. This is a 6 "very nice"
Now we are moving to Nika! Which unfortunately I just got two of them, one I
I'm done. I have a little bit of this one. Yoachi was the first one
They made, so Nika was made by the legendary Japanese whiskey maker
Takeshuru? His name is Masataka Taketsuru. So this guy was like ... "I want to make whiskey!"
So he went to Scotland to study it, and then met - his main family met Rita
And then - who was also studying the manufacture of whiskey, then returned to Japan
Joined the Centauri team, he now like to fuck you guys. I'm gonna make my own brand
So he made Nika, and the first one they did was Yoashi
1934, so
Centauri's age, but Ni-I think Nika is
It's cooler b)
So, they made Yoashi and tried to recreate
The same thing they did in Scotland
same status. They have it on there making on the island, like the southern island, I think?
Which is just as big as Scotland on the coast
They wanted to be as authentic as Scotchotec as possible, and Scotch is literally whiskey only, but it's made in
Scotland
Yes, but that should only be called scotch
Brolli will not taste good because I left too much air in this bottle should not do it
Yeah, I got something here, huh
Well, it was good. End it
Welcome to I will critique alcoholism.
Yoashi gets eight and a half "very nice" s
Curse ~ Tongue bites
very nice. Eight and a half. I would almost say that it is better than this one
This is a cheap one
It's not old. The other I have is Nika Barley Coffee
Which, if you like whiskey ..
I recommend you tried it out, it's very different. It's not coffee. It is named after Koura, an investor or something like that
But I feel that tastes like coffee. I may be paranoid. I feel I thought it was - "Oh
So it's like a coffee flavor "
It's made of corn
on the principle. It's also cheap, if you want to get it
Something. I feel - I do not want to spoil the facts. I feel bad if I like,
Get something wrong. Maybe I got some wrong things, but yes, that is
One coffee. If you remember it is true, they smell nice. I think it smells very nice
I do not know if you can even tell them apart at this point
They are all very good
I'll give it seven "very nice". It gets seven strong gets "very nice". So this is a combination
One barley, one barley, one barley, one barley, so it's made of the same
Any one, this one? It's a mix. One barley was not used to be very popular. When they started this was not really anything
But now it's like, if you want good whiskey you probably want one barley
I think there are lots of great mixes too. Do not get me no fault
Which actually brings me to the final that is Togushi
Which I could not find any information about. It's kind of a ~ ~ mysterious bottle
They actually do not have their own distillation .. they're not - '' Awa. Is this 18 years old? I did not even know!
So I have 18 years of age
You'll see it oh
Canadian writing on it. Because they import from Scotland and Canada
whiskey. Then they mixed brilliantly in Tooguchi. love it. Look at the bottle, it's very beautiful
It's kind of a-if I remember correctly it has a herbal taste for it? Which does not look good
But it's very .. I'm very happy I did not finish this bottle. Hey this one grew on me.
I did not like it at first, but then - well
Yes, it's just that weird ... taste like nature
It's really good. It's very different from any of these like this
I could not really say that far to be honest. This one definitely has a unique - I can not believe she is 18 years old
I have no idea! This is madness. So conclude my
Japanese
Whiskey we got Centauri. We arrived in Nika
I wish I could bring more Nika, my favorite Nika is Nika from the barrel.
I would really recommend that one. check it out
If you want - if you like, "Oh, I do not know which one to get! I want to start" Try this one. It's very good
She got a lota alcohol in it * Click * Got a good kick for it. Now we'll be testing
I feel like. You will have to prepare a blind test
I mean, color is already a dead gift, right? This one is darker, right? Or maybe?
If I had to guess just looking, I would say this is 18, that is
So why not start with this one?
I do not want to mess this up. It's like 50/50
it is good. It's very good. You can say yes, I can say it is Yamazaki because it contains this cherry
It's not even cherry her more-
Y-You can taste the casket, which does not look good at all but, has a strong flavor in this one actually
Maybe this was 18 years old. I do not know. I do not know I need to try this one
Come on. What do I win?
Marzia: Nothing!
this is difficult. Here is the need. I want to go with my intuition
Who tells me this is 12 years old ... no the opposite, the flavor says m this is 18 .. well
This is 18.
I see?!
Well, actually I get a lot of questions like "Oh, I want to try whiskey, I do not try Jack Dazs and I tried
Jameson, "but this is like saying," Oh, I love burgers, but I'm 'I love - I try McDonald's and Burger King "
Listen, there is this whole beautiful world
Waiting for you, well, Centauri and Nika. Thank you both. God bless you Japan. Lord protects you. Thank you so much
Leave like if you enjoyed, I do not know whether this is the video -
Okay. Thank you for watching leave like if you enjoyed and wanted to do next scotch,
So let me know if you want me to actually do it and Jiu-jitsu
Jiu Jitsu Pham Gio Jitsu Division Goodbye